Update to electricity trading API v0.0.8 (#150)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-client-electricity-trading-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Frequenz Electricity Trading API Client Release Notes

## Upgrading

> - The minimum allowed version of `protobuf` and `grpcio` has been updated to 6.31.1 and 1.72.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The minimum allowed version of `protobuf` and `grpcio` has been updated to 6.31.1 and 1.72.1 respectively.
```

## New Features

- Updateded to `v0.8.0` of the Electricity Trading API.

> - Updateded to `v0.11.0` of the base client library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated to `v0.8.0` of the Electricity Trading API.
- Updated to `v0.11.0` of the base client library.
```
